Orthot III uses a minimalistic graphics style.  Textured boxes for terrain and untextured low-poly models for objects.  

Terrain Texturing
Terrain is textured through a somewhat complex (but easily adjusted) process.  

Terrain textures are sets of square tiles (which the terrain system selects from on a per-cube/per-face basis).

There are two terrain textures.  One is a background pattern which gets repeated for each face of each terrain block.  The other is a foreground representation
of terrain edge (which gets selected based on what the adjacent terrain blocks are).

The forground terrain texture is laid out in a binary pattern representing the boundaries with 8 neighboring tiles.  Tiles are indexed by in row-major-order.
Each neighbor is represented by a bit in this order:  [upper-left, upper, upper-right, right, lower-right, lower, lower-left, left].  A bit value of 0 
represents an opening between neighboring tiles.  A bit value of 1 represents a boundary between neighboring tiles.  The bits are combined to generate a tile 
index (which internally is converted to per-face texture coordinates).    (Or, to be a bit less technical, use [textures/wall_8bit_fg.png] as a template for
terrain forground graphics).  A terrain foreground texture can also include any number of tilesets (this is just a matter of configuring the terrain mesh
generator for it).

At some point, it will also be possible to define terrains with 4-bit boundaries (NESW), terrains which only have one boundary (UP), and very simple terrains 
which don't have boundaries (just background + overlay).  .

Input textures are not rendered directly.  Instead the red, green, and blue color components are used to generate a blending of three colors specified by the 
terrain rendering system (two of them are fixed shader properties and the other is a per-terrain color (a vertex color)).  Typical terrain texture will consist
solely of red, green, and blue pixels set at various levels (resulting in blending the mixer colors only with black).  Any pixels with non-zero valus in 
multiple channels will result in an additive blending of the mixer colors.


In general, artwork contributions to the Orthot III will only be accepted into the main graphics set if they are visually consistant with existing artwork.  
(should attempt to keep details at about the same scale, stick with low-poly models, and don't get too radical with texturing).  Partly this is for visual 
consistancy, and partly, this is to ensure that the graphics can be extended without having to either add graphics which look out-of-place and without having to 
rely upon a skilled artist.